Dear Sir,

Below are the meeting Updates for E-Tulamaan Project:-

Day 1 (21-09-2021):

Meeting with Mr. Pawan Janghir (SA-DOIT)

Demonstrate the Business Process of Weights and measurment department 
Imformaion about Existing Process flows
1) Verification
2)Re-verification
3)Inspection Processes
4)User type like LMO,Citizen,Repairer

Meeting with Mr.Irfaan developer Atishay limited

Provide KT of E-Tulaman Appication
1)Demonstrate the Functional Process module listed below
2)Verification Process:- Demonstrate the functional flow of verification user registration,Firm Registration etc.
3)Renewal varification:- Demonstrate the functional flow of Reverification like Documend Upload,Item selection
4)Inspection: Demonstrate the functional flow of Inspection done by LMO(Legel Metrological officer)

Day 2(22-09-2021): 

Meeting with Mr. Anil kumar Agarwal (Additional food comm.) 
Discuss the existing functionality of E-Tulamaan application
Discussion on design and develop the application in a scratch level
Mr. Anil sir align the dedicated person for requirment gathering.
Mr. Ravindra kumar jain (Programmer),Mr.C.R jaiswani(Deputy controller legel metrological dept.),Mr. Mahipaal sing(LMO) are SPOC for requirment gathering of E-Tulamaan Application.

Day 3(23-09-2021): 

Meeting with Ravindra Kumar jain(Programmer), Mr. C.R. Jaiswani(DCLM) 
Demonstrate about the business process
Demonstrate the User Type and their working processes.
Demonstrate the verification process and give requirement for verification module.

Below are the points which wee need to required/finalised from Department.
Required 40 item list with moovable and non moovable item with expiry dates like (1 Year,2 Year,5 Year)
All the registration feilds to be finalised by department like: Registration feilds,Personnel information feilds,firm details etc.

As discussed with stakeholders,they demonstrate only one module requirement (Verification) and once the documentation is completed and freeze by dept. accordingly we can proceed further.

Action Plan:

Prapere the workflow of Functionality (Vrification,Reverification)
Prapere the SRS for e-Tulaman with feild level description
Prapere the Wirframe/Mockups for application.
Finalized or freeze Business Requirment document.
Freeze all the wirframes with respect to Application

Prapere the workflow of Functionality (Vrification,Reverification)
Prapere the workflow of Functionality (Vrification,Reverification)





